Grafana Plugin Release Note.md (#2979)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2023-08-23-metrics.md

---
title: August 23, 2023 (Metrics)
image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - metrics
  - observability
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We have released a new version (v1.1.0) of [Sumo Logic Grafana plugin](https://github.com/SumoLogic-Labs/sumologic-grafana-datasource/) that adds support for Log queries (both aggregated and non-aggregated queries). This version also addresses small enhancements & bugs reported by the customers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have released a new version (v1.1.0) of the [Sumo Logic Grafana plugin](https://github.com/SumoLogic-Labs/sumologic-grafana-datasource/) that adds support for log queries (both aggregated and non-aggregated). This version also includes small enhancements and bug fixes. 
```

> [Learn More]([https://link-url-here.org](https://github.com/SumoLogic-Labs/sumologic-grafana-datasource/releases/tag/1.1.0)https://github.com/SumoLogic-Labs/sumologic-grafana-datasource/releases/tag/1.1.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn More](https://github.com/SumoLogic-Labs/sumologic-grafana-datasource/releases/tag/1.1.0)
```
